Improve istio component tests (#17941)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/components/istio/README.md

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes installed and kubeconfig configured to point to this cluster

> - Kyma installed on cluster with minimal set [components](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/prow/scripts/cluster-integration/kyma-integration-k3d-istio-components.yaml))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kyma installed on the cluster with the [minimum set of components](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/prow/scripts/cluster-integration/kyma-integration-k3d-istio-components.yaml))
```
